Doc/template#10 - Add scenario-management template to doc and relnotes (#529)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/relnotes.md

  Please refer to [Create a data node](./manuals/core/entities/data-node-mgt.md#create-a-data-node)
  for more information.

> - A data node configuration can be a scaffold to configure a new similar data node. Please refer to
>   [Configure a data node from another configuration](./manuals/core/config/data-node-config.md#configure-a-data-node-from-another-configuration)
>   for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A data node configuration can be a scaffold to configure a new similar data node. For more information, refer to
  [Configure a data node from another configuration](./manuals/core/config/data-node-config.md#configure-a-data-node-from-another-configuration).
```

  ensure that entities from all production versions are compatible with each other.<br/>
  For more information, please refer to [Production mode](./manuals/core/versioning/production_mode.md).

<h6 style="font-size: 1.2em"><strong><code>taipy-template</code></strong></h6>
3.0.0

> - A new template named "scenario-management" is available. Please refer to [Create a Taipy application from a specific template](./manuals/cli/create.md#from-a-specific-template)
>   for more information on how to create a new Taipy application with the new "scenario-management" template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A new template named "scenario-management" is available. For more information on creating a new Taipy application with the new "scenario-management" template, refer to [Create a Taipy application from a specific template](./manuals/cli/create.md#from-a-specific-template).
```
